# practical-application3
In this pratical application this task was about comparing classifiers, where the Portaguese Banking Information data was used. The banking information had many variable with multiple data types, and some had missing values. The business objective in this task was to see if the client will subscribe to the deposit based on client attributes and market campaigning of the data. The data prediction would help optimize the marketing strategies, allocate resources effectively, and significanity have an improvement on success rate in general of promoting term deposit subscriptions. Then we had engineering features where the bank information features where one-hot encoding is used for binary features of true or false, and for target columns where 0 is no and 1 is yes. After this there is the train/test split with 80% train and 20% split where both test and train has features and target. Then we have the baseline accuracy that represents the accuracy that a trivial classifier by predicting the majority class for every sample. Then logistic regression was used to build the basic model of the data and the accuracy of the logistic regression model had barely a 0.001 difference. Then there was model comparisions, Model,Train Time, Train Accuracy	and Test Accuracy and it shows that for train accuracy and test accuracy that are roughly the same for all models, for train time SVM has the longest train times compared the other models. Overall, we can improve the performance of the models by feature selection, hyperparameter tuning, and model evaluation by adjusting performace metric.
